This is my license thesis' repository

# Abstract

The Maximum Entropy Principle is used to create an assignment map that allows us to obtain a microscopic state compatible with a coarse description of a multi-qubit system. In particular, the coarse description corresponds to that obtained from an imperfect measuring device. On the one hand, when making a measurement, there is a non-zero probability that the measurement is made on a different particle than the one expected. Furthermore, the device is capable of only measure a subset of the degrees of freedom of the system. Assuming that the microscopic evolution is known, different effective dynamics were studied through the _maximum entropy assignment map_. The effective dynamics being the observable change in the coarse description of the system. Some of the studied dynamics turned out to be nonlinear and dependent on the initial effective state, which offers a prototypical mechanism for the emergence of nonlinear dynamics from quantum mechanics. In particular, the dynamics induced by local unitary evolutions experience a loss of the periodicity of the underlying dynamics, but show convergence to a unitary dynamics as the number of particles increases. In other cases, such as dephasing channels, depolarization channels, and stabilization channels, the effective dynamics turn out to be of the same type as the underlying dynamics and therefore a quantum channel. It was also found that the dynamics are linear in the extreme case in which the probability of error is null. This is because the only non-linear element of the dynamics, the assignment map, becomes linear. An Ising chain of up to nine particles was also studied numerically. Additionally, the results obtained from the maximum entropy assignment map were compared to those obtained from another type of assignment map: the _average assignment map_. The average assignment map assigns the average of all compatible pure microscopic states to an effective state.
 